---
layout: post
title: Training
featured-img: train
summary: Bespoke security awareness and cyber SDLC training for your whole team
---

Special Ops Security shifts the information security training paradigm by blending consulting, training and technology into a new hybrid breed of educational solutions for our customers. The educational goal of these solutions is to increase the effectiveness of your existing security resources by fortifying your people, processes and technology.

Customized training is our specialty, created to the exact specifications that will most accurately model the critical security issues in your organization. Using our methodologies, we are confident that at the end of each day of training, all students have learned techniques that are immediately applicable to secure their business network.

> _In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is._ 
> 
> ---Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut

<hr>

# Practical Instruction

Unlike other training courses that show hacking techniques that are better left for movies and television, our curriculum ensures all students not only learn the techniques to harden a network infrastructure but they will actually renovate a dilapidated representative network into a secure and self-defending information conduit of tomorrow.

When your CEO asks for ROI, there will not be a shuffling of feet and wringing of hands; rather, a demonstrable increase in the security posture of your corporate network is our students' diploma of successful completion.

<hr>

# Network Strike Team

Our most popular training offering is also what makes Special Ops Security unique in the industry. With our breadth of knowledge, we are able to provide our customers with a unique combination of network assessment, security training, security awareness, and software tools. Every part of our Network Strike Team package is closely mapped to the people, processes, and technology vision of Special Ops Security.

### NETWORK ASSESSMENT (5 DAYS)

The project begins with a rapid, five-day network security assessment performed by the most senior members of our team. Although the time schedule is compressed, the attention to detail is comparable to traditional assessments that take several weeks. During this phase, the goal is to assess the network's weaknesses and develop an understanding of the overall infrastructure to feed into the training portion of the Network Strike Team.

### SECURITY TRAINING (3 DAYS)

Following the assessment, our trainers will use the information gathered to customize our standard network assessment course to your organization's unique infrastructure. Furthermore, our instructors will direct classroom discussion towards the actual vulnerabilities and issues detected during the assessment phase. This immediate relevance improves student participation drastically and ensures that your staff spends these hours learning what is absolutely vital to the security of YOUR network--not some example network from a textbook.

### SECURITY AWARENESS (1 DAY)

Our instructors will provide a roadmap that enables your staff to develop an effective security awareness program to promote best practices within the entire organization.

### PROCESS IMPROVEMENT (1 DAY)
The culmination of the training effort is the creation (or documentation of existing) security processes to address the weaknesses found in the network, and to proactively defend against further security issues.

<hr>

# Additional Courses

Training is also offered in the following areas:

### PEOPLE AND PROCESS

* How to Perform a Rapid Self-Assessment for Security and Optimization
* Vulnerability Management
* Security Awareness
* Planning and Performing Security Assessments
* Creating Effective Corporate Security Policies
* Architecting the Human Element of Security

### NETWORK

* Perimeter Assessment: Routers, Switches and Firewalls
* Assessing and Hardening the Network Infrastructure
* Secure Architecture and Infrastructure
* Wireless LANs: Discovery and Defense
* Network Security Monitoring
* Building DMZs for Enterprise Networks

### APPLICATION SECURITY

* Threat Modeling in the Software Development Process
* Security in the Software Development Lifecycle
* Injecting Security into Functional and Technical Requirements
* Secure Software Development Practices - Hands On
* Assessing Web Application Security

